docs/Specifications.md, before:

Speficiations:
Robot actions are initiated by operator input ei. button press.
# Robot Specific:
  ## Movement
  
    - Translate left, right, up, down.
    - Rotate.
    
  ## Shoot
  Ideal shoot anywhere on field.
  
    - Check if arm is lowered & if not lowered, lower arm.
    - Check if cargo is loaded & check cargo color.
    - If emply, load cargo & check cargo color.
    
    - If wrong cargo color, set springs to low strength and eject cargo.
    
    - Look for target using vision system.
    - Centered shooter with target.
    - Determine distance to target.
    - Adjust spring testion to achieve correct parabola.
    - Realese pin, to fire cargo.
    - Pull arm down for reloading.
    
  ## Intaking
  
    - Put intake out / release intake
    - Intake balls by rotating rollers.
    - Pull intake in / retract intake.  
  ## Information lights
    - Climbing = Fun patteren.  
    - Shooting fail = red flashing (we didn't shoot the ball).
    - Shooting success = Yellow flashing light(we shot the ball).
    - Intake = purple parterns. 
    - If centered with target = green flashing.
  
    
  ## Climb
  Start climbing at 45 seconds or more.
  
    - Drive to hanger.
    - Set up under mid bar.
    - Raise left arm.
    - Raise off of ground.
    - Raise right arm and grab high bar.
    - Pivior center of mass to under high bar.
    - Release left arm and retract.
    - Raise robot higher.
    - Piviot left arm for high run.
    - Extend left arm
    - Grab traversal rung with left arm
    - Piviot center of mass under traversal rung.
    - Release right arm.
  
## Will Do / Can Do Table

As we write our specification and code we will fill out this table.

Category | Specification | Will Do | Can Do
---------|---------------|---------|-------
Move | Move responding to remote human manual control | YES | YES
Shoot | Shoot cargo into high goal | YES | NO
Fly | Levitate in place | NO | NO

Commit message:

Why write out our functional specifications

docs/Specifications.md, after:

# Functional Specifications

Why do we write out our functional specifications? So no one says two days before the first match, "No one told me the robot had to be able to do *that*!"

Robot actions are initiated by operator input ei. button press.
# Robot Specific:
  ## Movement
  
    - Translate left, right, up, down.
    - Rotate.
    
  ## Shoot
  Ideal shoot anywhere on field.
  
    - Check if arm is lowered & if not lowered, lower arm.
    - Check if cargo is loaded & check cargo color.
    - If emply, load cargo & check cargo color.
    
    - If wrong cargo color, set springs to low strength and eject cargo.
    
    - Look for target using vision system.
    - Centered shooter with target.
    - Determine distance to target.
    - Adjust spring testion to achieve correct parabola.
    - Realese pin, to fire cargo.
    - Pull arm down for reloading.
    
  ## Intaking
  
    - Put intake out / release intake
    - Intake balls by rotating rollers.
    - Pull intake in / retract intake.  
  ## Information lights
    - Climbing = Fun patteren.  
    - Shooting fail = red flashing (we didn't shoot the ball).
    - Shooting success = Yellow flashing light(we shot the ball).
    - Intake = purple parterns. 
    - If centered with target = green flashing.
  
    
  ## Climb
  Start climbing at 45 seconds or more.
  
    - Drive to hanger.
    - Set up under mid bar.
    - Raise left arm.
    - Raise off of ground.
    - Raise right arm and grab high bar.
    - Pivior center of mass to under high bar.
    - Release left arm and retract.
    - Raise robot higher.
    - Piviot left arm for high run.
    - Extend left arm
    - Grab traversal rung with left arm
    - Piviot center of mass under traversal rung.
    - Release right arm.
  
## Will Do / Can Do Table

As we write our specification and code we will fill out this table.

Category | Specification | Will Do | Can Do
---------|---------------|---------|-------
Move | Move responding to remote human manual control | YES | YES
Shoot | Shoot cargo into high goal | YES | NO
Fly | Levitate in place | NO | NO
